Q1. Define a variable of all the labours and print the name of each labour.
Condition:-
    Labour names are:- Mahesh, Mithilesh,Ramesh, Sumesh
    labour variable should be something like this 1st_labour, 2nd_labour and so on.

Q2. Define a variable of all the labours daily wage and print the name and wage of each labour.
Condition:-
    Labour names are:- Mahesh, Mithilesh,Ramesh, Sumesh and wages are 500,400,400,300 respectively
    labour variable should be something like this 1st_labour_name,1st_labour_wage, 2nd_labour_name,
    2nd_labour_wage and so on.
    You are bound to use string formatting


Q3. I want to print this paragraph and its line number from which this paragraph is printing
    """ Programming aasan hai. We are going to learn this in depth. While learning we have to make sure that
    we are implemeting all the logics by ourself. The aim here is to build our "4 BHK" house with the 
    help of 'Python programming'. We have total land is of \100 ft * 100ft /, to colmplete the house 
    we have total 6 labours with 'different skill set like "\\ building wall or building roof \\".
            I have to print this paragraph as it is given here."""

    Condition:- 
    You can't use triple quote.
    Triple quote at starting is also a part of paragraph.

Q4. When do we get NameError?
Q5. Python is a high level language. What does that mean by high level?
Q6. What is compiled and Inetrpreted language, list a few?
Q7. Get all varibales address from RAM and you find if something is similar?
Q8. How can you flatten a list of lists?
Q9. How do you add or update an item in a dictionary?
Q10. How can you iterate over a dictionary’s keys and values?
Q11. How do you remove an item from a dictionary?
Q12. How do you merge two dictionaries?
Q13. Write a function that takes a list of tuples (key-value pairs) and returns a dictionary.
Q14. Convert a dictionary into tuple of a list
Q15. Write a function to merge a list of dictionaries into a single dictionary.
Q16. What is the difference between using a tuple and a list as dictionary keys?
Q17. How can you sort a list of dictionaries by a specific key?
Q18. How do you extract values from a dictionary based on a list of keys?
Q19. How do you find the common elements between two lists?
Q20. How do you find the difference between two dictionaries?
Q21.  How do you create a tuple with a single element?
Q22. How can you convert a list to a tuple and vice versa?
Q23. Write a function that takes a list of integers and returns a tuple with the     first and last elements of the list.
Q24. How do you check if an item exists in a list or tuple?
Q25. Missing Items in list
Q26. How do you find the index of an element in a list?
Q27. How do you remove duplicates from a list?
Q28. Generate a Random number. 
